NetObserv 1.7 FlowCollector API regeneration (#83175)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/network-observability-flowcollector-api-specifications.adoc

| `string`
| Namespace where Network Observability pods are deployed.

| `networkPolicy`
| `object`
| `networkPolicy` defines ingress network policy settings for Network Observability components isolation.

| `processor`
| `object`

> | `processor` defines the settings of the component that receives the flows from the agent,

Author: In my file, this comma precedes a continuation of the sentence: 

> `processor` defines the settings of the component that receives the flows from the agent,
_enriches them, generates metrics, and forwards them to the Loki persistence layer and/or any available exporter._

> | `processor` defines the settings of the component that receives the flows from the agent,

Reviewer: Oh! That's cut off for me here. I should have expanded the file. Feel free to ignore my comment.

| `features`
| `array (string)`

> | List of additional features to enable. They are all disabled by default. Enabling additional features might have performance impacts. A possible value is `+`.

Reviewer 2: hey @skrthomas , as commented in my PR, this change is incorrect

| List of additional features to enable. They are all disabled by default. Enabling additional features might have performance impacts. Possible values are: +

- `PacketDrop`: enable the packets drop flows logging feature. This feature requires mounting
the kernel debug filesystem, so the eBPF agent pods have to run as privileged.
If the `spec.agent.ebpf.privileged` parameter is not set, an error is reported. +

- `DNSTracking`: enable the DNS tracking feature. +

- `FlowRTT`: enable flow latency (sRTT) extraction in the eBPF agent from TCP traffic. +

> - `NetworkEvents`: enable the Network events monitoring feature, such as correlating flows and network policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `NetworkEvents`: enable the network events monitoring feature, such as correlating flows and network policies.
```
Should "Network" be capitalized here?

Author: No it shouldn't

This feature requires mounting the kernel debug filesystem, so the eBPF agent pods have to run as privileged.
It requires using the OVN-Kubernetes network plugin with the Observability feature.

> IMPORTANT: this feature is available as a Developer Preview. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: This feature is available as a Developer Preview. +
```

Author: I also think that `+` shouldn't be there. Good point though about this one.

| `peerIP` defines the IP address to filter flows by.
Example: `10.10.10.10`.

| `pktDrops`
| `boolean`

> | `pktDrops`, to filter flows with packet drops

Reviewer: Should line 417 be, "`pktDrops` filters flows with packet drops"?

Author: I think you're right here.

| `disableAlerts` is a list of alerts that should be disabled.
Possible values are: +

> `NetObservDroppedFlows`, which is triggered when the eBPF agent is missing packets or flows, such as when the BPF hashmap is busy or full, or the capacity limiter is being triggered. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`NetObservDroppedFlows` is triggered when the eBPF agent is missing packets or flows, such as when the BPF hashmap is busy or full, or the capacity limiter is triggered. +
```
Should "BPF hashmap" be "eBPF hashmap"?

Author: Yeah it should be eBPF I think.

|===
| Property | Type | Description

| `certFile`
| `string`
| `certFile` defines the path to the certificate file name within the config map or secret.

| `certKey`
| `string`
| `certKey` defines the path to the certificate private key file name within the config map or secret. Omit when the key is not necessary.

| `name`
| `string`
| Name of the config map or secret containing certificates.

| `namespace`
| `string`
| Namespace of the config map or secret containing certificates. If omitted, the default is to use the same namespace as where Network Observability is deployed.
If the namespace is different, the config map or the secret is copied so that it can be mounted as required.

| `type`
| `string`
| Type for the certificate reference: `configmap` or `secret`.

|===
== .spec.exporters[].openTelemetry
Description::
+
--
OpenTelemetry configuration, such as the IP address and port to send enriched logs or metrics to.
--

Type::
  `object`

Required::
  - `targetHost`
  - `targetPort`

[cols="1,1,1",options="header"]
|===
| Property | Type | Description

| `fieldsMapping`
| `array`
| Custom fields mapping to an OpenTelemetry conformant format.

> By default, Network Observability format proposal is used: https://github.com/rhobs/observability-data-model/blob/main/network-observability.md#format-proposal .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Network Observability format proposal is used: https://github.com/rhobs/observability-data-model/blob/main/network-observability.md#format-proposal.
```

Author: I think there's a space here so the period doesn't interfere with the link

> As there is currently no accepted standard for L3 or L4 enriched network logs, you can freely override it with your own.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As there is currently no accepted standard for L3 or L4 enriched network logs, you can override it with your own.
```

| `headers`
| `object (string)`
| Headers to add to messages (optional)

| `logs`
| `object`
| OpenTelemetry configuration for logs.

| `metrics`
| `object`
| OpenTelemetry configuration for metrics.

| `protocol`
| `string`
| Protocol of the OpenTelemetry connection. The available options are `http` and `grpc`.

| `targetHost`
| `string`

> | Address of the OpenTelemetry receiver

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Address of the OpenTelemetry receiver.
```
Adding closing punctuation for consistency with other descriptions.

| `targetPort`
| `integer`

> | Port for the OpenTelemetry receiver

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Port for the OpenTelemetry receiver.
```
Same as above.

| `tls`
| `object`
| TLS client configuration.

|===
== .spec.exporters[].openTelemetry.fieldsMapping
Description::
+
--
Custom fields mapping to an OpenTelemetry conformant format.

> By default, Network Observability format proposal is used: https://github.com/rhobs/observability-data-model/blob/main/network-observability.md#format-proposal .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Network Observability format proposal is used: https://github.com/rhobs/observability-data-model/blob/main/network-observability.md#format-proposal.
```

> As there is currently no accepted standard for L3 or L4 enriched network logs, you can freely override it with your own.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As there is currently no accepted standard for L3 or L4 enriched network logs, you can override it with your own.
```

--

Type::
  `array`

== .spec.exporters[].openTelemetry.fieldsMapping[]
Description::
+
--

--

Type::
  `object`

[cols="1,1,1",options="header"]
|===
| Property | Type | Description

| `input`
| `string`
| 

| `multiplier`
| `integer`
| 

| `output`
| `string`
| 

|===
== .spec.exporters[].openTelemetry.logs
Description::
+
--
OpenTelemetry configuration for logs.
--

Type::
  `object`

[cols="1,1,1",options="header"]
|===
| Property | Type | Description

| `enable`
| `boolean`
| Set `enable` to `true` to send logs to an OpenTelemetry receiver.

|===
== .spec.exporters[].openTelemetry.metrics
Description::
+
--
OpenTelemetry configuration for metrics.
--

Type::
  `object`

[cols="1,1,1",options="header"]
|===
| Property | Type | Description

| `enable`
| `boolean`
| Set `enable` to `true` to send metrics to an OpenTelemetry receiver.

| `pushTimeInterval`
| `string`

> | How often should metrics be sent to collector

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Specify how often metrics are sent to a collector.
```

|===
== .spec.exporters[].openTelemetry.tls
Description::
+
--
TLS client configuration.
--

Type::
  `object`

[cols="1,1,1",options="header"]
|===
| Property | Type | Description

| `caCert`
| `object`

> | `caCert` defines the reference of the certificate for the Certificate Authority

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `caCert` defines the reference of the certificate for the Certificate Authority.
```

| `enable`
| `boolean`
| Enable TLS

| `insecureSkipVerify`
| `boolean`
| `insecureSkipVerify` allows skipping client-side verification of the server certificate.
If set to `true`, the `caCert` field is ignored.

| `userCert`
| `object`

> | `userCert` defines the user certificate reference and is used for mTLS (you can ignore it when using one-way TLS)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `userCert` defines the user certificate reference and is used for mTLS. When you use one-way TLS, you can ignore this property.
```

|===
== .spec.exporters[].openTelemetry.tls.caCert
Description::
+
--

> `caCert` defines the reference of the certificate for the Certificate Authority

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`caCert` defines the reference of the certificate for the Certificate Authority.
```

--

Type::
  `object`

[cols="1,1,1",options="header"]
|===
| Property | Type | Description

| `certFile`
| `string`
| `certFile` defines the path to the certificate file name within the config map or secret.

| `certKey`
| `string`
| `certKey` defines the path to the certificate private key file name within the config map or secret. Omit when the key is not necessary.

| `name`
| `string`
| Name of the config map or secret containing certificates.

| `namespace`
| `string`
| Namespace of the config map or secret containing certificates. If omitted, the default is to use the same namespace as where Network Observability is deployed.
If the namespace is different, the config map or the secret is copied so that it can be mounted as required.

| `type`
| `string`
| Type for the certificate reference: `configmap` or `secret`.

|===
== .spec.exporters[].openTelemetry.tls.userCert
Description::
+
--

> `userCert` defines the user certificate reference and is used for mTLS (you can ignore it when using one-way TLS)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`userCert` defines the user certificate reference and is used for mTLS. When you use one-way TLS, you can ignore this property.
```

| `string`
| Type for the certificate reference: `configmap` or `secret`.

|===
== .spec.networkPolicy
Description::
+
--
`networkPolicy` defines ingress network policy settings for Network Observability components isolation.
--

Type::
  `object`

[cols="1,1,1",options="header"]
|===
| Property | Type | Description

| `additionalNamespaces`
| `array (string)`
| `additionalNamespaces` contains additional namespaces allowed to connect to the Network Observability namespace.

> It gives some flexibility in the network policy configuration, however should you need a more specific

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It provides flexibility in the network policy configuration, but if you need a more specific
```

configuration, you can disable it and install your own instead.

| `enable`
| `boolean`
| Set `enable` to `true` to deploy network policies on the namespaces used by Network Observability (main and privileged). It is disabled by default.
These network policies better isolate the Network Observability components to prevent undesired connections to them.

> We recommend you either enable it, or create your own network policy for Network Observability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Either enable it, or create your own network policy for Network Observability.
```

| `object`
| scheduling controls how the pods are scheduled on nodes.

| `secondaryNetworks`
| `array`
| Define secondary networks to be checked for resources identification.

> In order to guarantee a correct identification, it is important that the indexed values form an unique identifier across the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To guarantee a correct identification, the indexed values must form an unique identifier across the cluster.
```

> If there are collisions in the indexes (same index used by several resources), those resources might be wrongly labeled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the same index is used by several resources, those resources might be wrongly labeled.
```

Author: I also think incorrectly is better than wrongly. Thanks for pointing this out.

== .spec.processor.advanced.secondaryNetworks
Description::
+
--
Define secondary networks to be checked for resources identification.
In order to guarantee a correct identification, it is important that the indexed values form an unique identifier across the cluster.

> If there are collisions in the indexes (same index used by several resources), those resources might be wrongly labelled.

Author: see https://github.com/netobserv/network-observability-operator/pull/796/files#r1797373805

--

Type::
  `array`

== .spec.processor.advanced.secondaryNetworks[]
Description::
+
--

--

Type::
  `object`

Required::
  - `index`
  - `name`

[cols="1,1,1",options="header"]
|===
| Property | Type | Description

| `index`
| `array (string)`
| `index` is a list of fields to use for indexing the pods. They should form a unique Pod identifier across the cluster.
Can be any of: `MAC`, `IP`, `Interface`.

> Fields absent from the 'k8s.v1.cni.cncf.io/network-status' annotation must not be added to the index.

Author: This is an annotation, so n/a

| `name`
| `string`

> | `name` should match the network name as visible in the pods annotation 'k8s.v1.cni.cncf.io/network-status'.

Author: n/a bc this is part of the annotation

== .spec.processor.advanced.secondaryNetworks
Description::
+
--
Define secondary networks to be checked for resources identification.

> In order to guarantee a correct identification, it is important that the indexed values form an unique identifier across the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To guarantee a correct identification, the indexed values must form an unique identifier across the cluster.
```

> If there are collisions in the indexes (same index used by several resources), those resources might be wrongly labeled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the same index is used by several resources, those resources might be wrongly labeled.
```
